10
The Friendly Officer
The Tropical Snack
policeman in the middle of the road.  
eating something.  He found a banana 
if he had seen anyone.
if he had eaten anything.
Who did Charlie see on the road?
What did Charlie have to eat?
How long had Charlie been working?
Why was Charlie driving so slowly?
Charlie had been plowing the city for 
years and he had never seen a worse 
blizzard.  The storm had dropped two feet 
of snow.  Charlie  had been plowing the 
roads all night and he hadn't eaten 
dinner but he did have a few coffee 
breaks.  He was tired and worried that he 
would have an accident.  As Charlie 
entered a new street, he saw a 
1
The policeman told him he was checking on 
a burglar alarm.  Charlie hadn't seen 
anything unusual but said he would look 
around as he continued his plowing.  He 
didn't have time to look too carefully 
though.  The snow was falling hard and 
he'd be lucky if he finished his streets 
before he went off duty.  He still had 
fifteen streets to go and he was only 
going to be driving the plow for three
more hours.  Charlie started to drive 
faster but he was afraid he would hit 
something so he slowed the plow down 
again.  The snow was coming down hard and 
Charlie knew he should be careful.  He 
had hit a parked car once before and had 
missed work because of the accident.  He 
couldn't afford to miss any more work.  
He would simply do his best and hope he 
could finish his assigned streets before 
his shift ended in an hour.  Charlie was 
getting hungry and he didn't think he 
could last the whole three hours without 
2
in his lunch bag.  The banana wasn't much, 
but it was better than nothing.  He 
managed to almost finish his streets by 
the time he completed his shift.  He had 
left three streets unplowed but the snow 
had stopped falling and Charlie knew 
somebody could plow them easily.  He 
drove the plow into the station and up to 
the gas pumps.  The new driver was 
already there waiting to take over.  They 
talked for a while about the terrible 
driving.  The new driver asked Charlie 
3